# About Me
## By Kamryn Fyock



Hi! My name is Kamryn Fyock and I am currently enrolled in my junior year at Christopher Newport University working towards my BA in Communication studies with minors in Photography and Leadership. 

### BACKGROUND

I grew up in Bristow, Virginia which if you don’t know where that is, it’s about an hour from Washington, D.C.. I had a good life with a good family and amazing opportunities. My sister, Kayla, and I were very fortunate to have a Mom and Dad who got us involved in everything- from 4-H to sports, to holding office positions in Ruritan Nationals youth club, Ruri-Teens. 

I loved being able to say I’ve done almost everything there is to try as a kid, but the involvements that stuck with me the most were the ones where I was helping people and learning how to become the best version of myself. [Ruri-Teens](www.ruritan.org), for example, gave me the leadership opportunities to lead a group of people as their club Secretary, Vice President, and finally President my Junior year of high school. I led projects such as “Rise Against Hunger” and made thanksgiving and christmas boxes for those less fortunate in my community. This club and these positions taught me that I really enjoyed and felt a sense of belonging in helping and serving those other than myself.

The other involvement that shaped me into the person I am today is 4-H. 4-H is a youth development organization that provides opportunities where individuals learn by doing. Through 4-H, I found my love for volunteering by taking part in the submission of service hours to receive a Presidential award. I also found my passion for animals by participating in the embryology project hatching chick and ducks as well as joining the alpaca club and the dog training club. I have always been animal crazy, and the opportunities given to me by 4-H only made me **MORE** animal crazy. 

Of course there were other involvements such as sports and music that taught me resilience, determination, and gave me confidence to be the person I wanted to be. I owe a **HUGE** thank you to my parents for giving me the chance to do what I love and grow into the person that I wanted myself to be. 

### COLLEGE
When arriving at Christopher Newport University in the fall of 2020, I choose to study communication as well as minor in Photography and Video Art and Leadership as I am part of the Presidential Leadership Program. 

I decided Communication was the right major for me partly because I enjoy learning about how people communicate, but also because I aspire to be a photojournalist and communication studies will help me get there. 

I have always had a passion for the world around me and have said since I was little that I will spend my time traveling around each continent and document the ways in which we, as a whole, can do better in protecting the environment and its wildlife. 

I have contributed to my dream of becoming a traveling environmental photojournalist by using my leadership skills to become the president of the photography club at CNU and taking the members on nature hikes, stargazing trips and much more. 

### FUTURE 

Although my future and what it holds is unknown, which can be a little scary to think about, I am confident that I have been given the tools to become successful in whatever profession I find myself passionate about. 

My goal right now is to travel the world, advocate for land and oceans around us, and document it through photography and writing. My mind changes often, but this is the one thing I have been consistent about all my life and I cannot wait to see what’s in store for me once I graduate. 

